Viewing the differenece between (2) versions helped me see the bug by making
 it very easy to find. It did this by identifying all of the difference.
Since not much had changed between the (2) versions this was easy to find.

Having easy access to the entire history of a file will make me more
effiecient in the long term by allowing me to save ideas. I could keep
definitions and re-use them in instances that are similar. Failed programs
may be the coreect program for new problems.

The pros of manually choosing when to create a commit, like what you do in
Git is that you can always commit compiled prorams. You will also not be
wasteing space with unwanted versions of the program. The cons of not having
a program that saves you backup automattically is that there could be user
errors such as not remembering to backup the file. There may not be granular
 enough save points if it is not automated.

I think Git allows you to save multiple files in one commit because it is
purposed for programming where there are multiple files referenced. This
This allows for a true snapshot in time. This also ensures that thoseeferenced files are not used with later versions.

Git log returns a summary of commits with IDs and notes on the commit to help
 find the specific GIT that you are looking for. After finding the Commit you
that you werer looking for you can compare diffferences with the git diff comma$

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

This would allow me to able to always go back to the previous version that
Git log returns a summary of commits with IDs and notes on the commit to help
 find the specific GIT that you are looking for. After finding the Commit you
that you werer looking for you can compare diffferences with the git diff comma$

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

This would allow me to able to always go back to the previous version that
worked. I would always be able to try new code and take a step back if the new
code does not work.

